Creating a release plan addmission object (#16)
konflux-ci/docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/advanced-how-tos/releasing/create-release-plan-admission.adoc

<.> The Managed environment team's workspace.
<.> A list of applications that you want to enable to be deployed in the managed workspace.
<.> Optional: An unstructured key used for providing data for the managed Pipeline.
<.> Optional: The environment from which the application updates are allowed to be received in the Managed workspace. This environment is created by the Development team.
<.> The development team workspace where the application is defined.
<.> Reference to the Pipeline to be executed by the release service.
<.> The enterprise contract policy against which the system validates an application before releasing it to production.
<.> Optional: The name of the service account to use in the Pipeline to gain elevated privileges. It's used only if you have defined the `pipelineRef` value.

+
NOTE: The  ReleasePlanAdmission.yaml represents the reciprocal link to the ReleasePlan.yaml objects created by the development team.

. In the Managed workspace, apply the `ReleasePlanAdmission.yaml` file and add the resource to your cluster by running the following command:

+
[source,shell]
----
oc apply -f ReleasePlanAdmission.yaml -n managed
----

.*Verification*

> . On the Trusted Application Pipeline console, select the *Release services* > *Release plan admission* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the Konflux console, select the *Release services* > *Release plan admission* tab.
```
